Release influxctl v2.9.5 and v2.9.6 (#5565)
influxdata/docs-v2: content/influxdb/cloud-dedicated/reference/cli/influxctl/auth/logout.md

---
title: influxctl auth logout
description: >

>   The `influxctl auth logout` command removes local tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `influxctl auth logout` command logs out a user by removing local authorization tokens
```

>   The `influxctl auth logout` command logs out a user by removing local authorization tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The `influxctl auth logout` command lets a user logout of an InfluxDB 
  cluster; removes the user's local authorization tokens.  
```

menu:
  influxdb_clustered:
    parent: influxctl auth
weight: 301
---

> The `influxctl auth logout` command removes local tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `influxctl auth logout` command logs out a user by removing local authorization tokens.
```

> 

Author: I accepted another suggestion from you on this same line, so I think we can reject this one?

> The `influxctl auth logout` command logs out a user by removing local authorization tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `influxctl auth logout` command lets a user logout of an {{< product-name omit="Clustered" >}} 
cluster; removes the user's local authorization tokens.
```

---
title: influxctl auth logout
description: >

>   The `influxctl auth logout` command lets a user logout of an InfluxDB 
>   cluster; removes the user's local authorization tokens.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  The `influxctl auth logout` command lets a user log out of an InfluxDB 
  cluster and removes the user's local authorization tokens.  
```

menu:
  influxdb_cloud_dedicated:
    parent: influxctl auth
weight: 301
---

> The `influxctl auth logout` command lets a user logout of an {{< product-name omit="Clustered" >}} 
> cluster; removes the user's local authorization tokens.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `influxctl auth logout` command lets a user log out of an {{< product-name omit="Clustered" >}} 
cluster and removes the user's local authorization tokens.
```
